Improve README and add contributing guidelines (#2612)
iotaledger/trinity-wallet: CONTRIBUTING.md

Thanks! :heart:

<details>
<summary>Do you have a question :question:</summary>
<br>

If you have a general or technical question, you can use one of the following resources instead of submitting an issue:

- [**Developer documentation:**](https://docs.iota.org/) For official information about developing with IOTA technology
- [**Discord:**](https://discord.iota.org/) For real-time chats with the developers and community members
- [**IOTA cafe:**](https://iota.cafe/) For technical discussions with the Research and Development Department at the IOTA Foundation
- [**StackExchange:**](https://iota.stackexchange.com/) For technical and troubleshooting questions
</details>

<br>

<details>
<summary>Ways to contribute :mag:</summary>
<br>

To contribute to Trinity on GitHub, you can:

- Report a bug
- Suggest a new feature
- Build a new feature
- Contribute to the documentation

</details>

<br>

<details>
<summary>Report a bug :bug:</summary>
<br>

This section guides you through reporting a bug. Following these guidelines helps maintainers and the community understand the bug, reproduce the behavior, and find related bugs.

### Before reporting a bug

Please check the following list:

> - **Do not open a GitHub issue for [security vulnerabilities](SECURITY.MD)**, instead, please contact us at [security@iota.org](mailto:security@iota.org).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Do not open a GitHub issue for [security vulnerabilities](SECURITY.MD)**, instead, please submit a report to our [Bugcrowd program](https://bugcrowd.com/iota).
```

Trinity has its own Bugcrowd program, so reports should go there instead of security@iota.org

- **Ensure the bug was not already reported** by searching on GitHub under [**Issues**](https://github.com/iotaledger/trinity/issues). If the bug has already been reported **and the issue is still open**, add a comment to the existing issue instead of opening a new one.

**Note:** If you find a **Closed** issue that seems similar to what you're experiencing, open a new issue and include a link to the original issue in the body of your new one.

### Submitting A Bug Report

> To report a bug, [open a new issue](https://github.com/iotaledger/trinity/issues/new), and be sure to include as many details as possible, using the template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To report a bug, [open a new issue](https://github.com/iotaledger/trinity-wallet/issues/new?labels=T+-+Bug&template=bug_report.md&title=), and be sure to include as many details as possible, using the template.
```
This will direct readers to the appropriate template
